School of Computer Science – Coursework Issue Sheet
Session 2024/25 Semester Spring
Module Name Introduction to Human Computer Interaction Code COMP2004
Module Convenor(s)
(CW Convenor in Bold)
Neelima Sailaja and Nikhil Deshpande
Coursework Name Individual Coursework Weight 50%
Deliverables
(a brief description of
what is to be handed-in;
e.g. ‘software’, ‘report’,
‘presentation’, etc.)
A pre-recorded video demonstration of your designed prototype with a
voice-over giving a rationale for your design decisions.
Format MP4, MOV, or AVI
Max video length – 10 minutes
Issue Date 24th February 2025
Submission Date 25th March 2025
Submission Mechanism Electronic Submission through Moodle
Extenuating
Circumstances
Students are responsible for ensuring that they inform the University of any
circumstances that they consider are affecting their ability to study and/or
undertake assessments as early as possible.
Please see your Student Handbook on Moodle for further information on the
University’s extenuating circumstances procedure.
Late submissions will be subject to the University’s policy regarding late
submissions of assessed work, unless an extenuating circumstances claim
has been approved.
Feedback Date 15th April 2025
Feedback Mechanism Via Moodle
Instructions A Library of Things is an initiative that helps a community member to rent
useful household items from their local high street and learn DIY & repair
skills to complete projects by themselves. E.g.
https://www.libraryofthings.co.uk
You have been commissioned to design a mobile app for a Library of Things
initiative offering daily use items for hire. The company that leads this
initiative has a range of different instruments which are hired out on a daily
basis – some requiring training before hire and some also requiring expert
support. The app you design needs to provide information on types of
instruments that are available for hire, the activity the instrument can be
used for, and a booking system for customers to hire the instrument.
Specifically, the app should include:
• The types of objects that can be hired: 
o Including details about each instrument such as name,
specifications (e.g., weight, dimensions, age of instrument,
etc.), tasks they can be used for, etc.
• The maximum number of days allowed for a device hire (because
different devices have different characteristics and demand);
• The maximum number of devices a person can hire at one time;
• How suitable the instrument is for:
o Different activities (e.g., vacuum cleaner for carpet vs.
hardwood floor)
o Different people such as children, elderly, people with
disability, etc.;
• The activity the customer would engage in with the device:
o E.g., lawn-mowing, cooking, electrical / plumbing repairs, etc.
• Care and maintenance instructions for the instruments;
• Details of training required for customers before the instrument can
be hired / used;
o E.g., this device needs evidence of 2-day training completion
before hiring
• Details of expert support required for certain instruments before they
can be hired / used;
o E.g., this device will be operated by the in-house expert only,
OR device will require in-house expert support while using it
for particular activity, etc.
• Safety considerations that the customer would need to know;
• Any other information or facilities you feel the app should have;
• A testimonial section containing recommendations from previous
customers;
As part of this work, you are required to produce the following:
• A visual mock-up / prototype;
• A design rationale:
o Describing and justifying why you have designed the interface
the way you have.
o A discussion of the rationale for your design choices – upon
what evidence are you basing the decisions about information
layout and display, e.g., references for your design choices
from lecture slides and literature.
Assessment Criteria Marking Criteria:
• Design of prototype (25 marks)
o Is it clear? Is it well designed?
o Is it interactive?
• Explanations of key design decisions (25 marks)
o Verbal description of your design decisions, e.g., Decisions
made as to where to include content/screen elements in the
app and why.
• Justification of design with respect to design guidelines (25 marks)
o How does your app conform to design principles such as
Gestalt principles, frequency of use principles, heuristics
such as guessability, etc.
o Are there any exceptions to following design principles and, if
so, what and why?
• Citation of evidence (25 marks)
o Where can the marker find more information about the points
you make in the video, i.e., references, web sites, etc.? (list
these somewhere in your video).









GENERATE A FULL RESPOSNIVE REACT APP FOR AN IPHONE - MAKE IT VERY SIMILAR TO THE IMAGES I HAVE SHOWN U - U CAN USE STOCK IMAGES IF U DONT HAVE IMAGES BUT PUT IMAGES I WILL REPLACE THEM


GIVE ME STEPY BY STEP INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO SET UP THIS PROJECT
WHAT CODE COMPONENTS AND FILES TO MAKE 

DO EVERYTHING FOR ME AND BE EXACT AND DONT EXPECT ANYTHING FROM ME